Transcript:
Hello everyone, welcome back to our channel online learning. This video is related to direct hiring. The salary is 5.5 LPA. New jobs are there. First of all, sorry friends, I am out of town due to some emergency work. That's why video uploading is late and uh please ignore this outside voice and apply for opportunity which we are sharing. Batch of 23 24 25 26 is eligible. Like and share the video. Your one like motivates me to make more video. I am sharing the direct hiring opportunity with all of you. First opportunity is from Sopet. They are gearing up for 2025 campus hiring drive in India final year big opportunity. BE Tech MC MSC student interested college can reach out to direct this email id. So I shared this opportunity with all of you. You shared this opportunity with your college final year student BEB MCMS MSCIT and this positions are available and this is a program at glance 5.5 LPA 3.5 LPA based on roles and performance and internship start from June and July 25 directly you can share this opportunity with your college they will contact on this email id and they will share the further details with all of you. It is one of the good hiring. Next hiring is basically from one of the company walking tree technology training associate software engineer Python directly share your resume to this email id and 23 24 batch graduates is eligible for this opportunity. Next hiring is basically from Vipro. Vipro is directly hiring at like 6 mi to till 30 my daily walk-in drive are there for customer service at profile at Vipro Limited AOLI okay Mumbai location. So HSC graduate freshers can apply. Next hiring is basically from metadata technology. They are hiring at Kochi Kerala. 232 24 graduates are eligible. Salesforce trainee is the role. Next hiring is basically from infred is just launcher referral program. If you are interested you can directly share your details to this email id. Next hiring is basically from tech orbit solution s basis pressure intern bachelor's degree in IT computer science related field. You can directly share your resume to this email id. Okay. Last hiring is basically from Orange Health Labs. They are hiring for 2026 batch. You are in third year or pen ultimate year. Pen ultimate year means 2026 batch. You are in third year and final year means 2025 batch. So apply for opportunity. It is one of the good hiring internship application. You have to apply. And this form was created inside of Orange Hill. I hope you like the video. We will meet in the next video. Thanks for watching the video.

Top Comments:
