Transcript:
Hello prime coders, welcome back to prime coding channel. So in today's video I will be talking about mass hiring updates. Yes, I believe most of the uh 235 grads might be placed here and there or they might looking for good opportunity or it might be that people are not get placed through on campus and what they do now. Okay. So you don't need to be demotivated. That's why I created this particular video which will help you out to prepare yourself because I know that tons of people who got unpraised when I was in my college I uh like people don't have any clues what to do next am I get any opportunity or off-c campus market is very tough okay it is actually tough I believe if you are totally fantastic in the work that you are doing then only opportunity will be rolling out for you otherwise you need to do tons of efforts opportunity to put a lot of applications. But when these pictures come into the picture, we believe that there should be any companies which should come and they should hire in March so that my number will come there and my career growth will start from that particular point. So yes, this video will help you out to know which company will be upcoming hiring for you and you can show yourself your credibility in these companies and get placed as a software engineer or any technical role. Clear? So in this particular video I'll be talking about not much but I will be talking about TCS, Cognizant, Cap Germany, imposes and etc which means multiple mass hiring company but I believe these companies are one of them who always be in the news and uh they hire people in very good amount. Okay so the focus of this particular video will be around 2025 batch and I will give idea to six. It might be you know your peers, juniors so that you can share the knowledge. If you have don't if don't you if you don't have that much time you can share this video to them so that they can also prepare and can't uh they should not ruin the upcoming opportunities. Okay. So without wasting any further time I am Adita Mishra and let's begin this particular video. Oh there's a blank screen. Yes because I will be writing everything because in few past days I wondering that what would be the expected dates. I'm going through my uploads so that I can get to know about okay when is coming what and you need to prepare for what okay so starting from PCS okay starting from PCS we know that it hire for on campus and the on campus thing is current year only current year only so if if you are from 25 you have given or missed this chance I can say that because NQT only conducts once a year and uh twice a here for a current batch. Very clear. So now another thing is off campus. So oneliner to all of the juniors who are from 2026, please start preparation because the timeline of TCS is around August and September. So if you're new to this channel, please consider subscribing it because you will not miss any kind of this update when they will hire or what uh what they will ask. Okay. So August to September you should mark it in your notebook that yes around this the application will start for onampus for on campus and for off campus for and for off campus it will be around uh Jan and Feb application should roll out like in this particular 225 okay so it's and it will be in 2027 okay 2027 so yes that would be your timeline for your opportunity. Okay. So yes, it is timeline. But now you may ask what is a useful for? See for 125 they already conducted NQT exam. They already conducted tons of things and you might have given you might have not given. Not a problem because the rest of the opportunity I will tell you you shouldn't prepare yourself. I believe you have given the NQT and you will have your interview for sure. Okay. So if you have your interview, if you have your interview, please don't miss it. Treat it as a last because you will say that Radita eventually you are telling us about the more mass hiring companies. But why you are focusing here? Because TCS is important important important. It's like a unofficial government job. Okay. At least you have a secure and at one particular point that you can uh move here and there. I hope you got my point. So please don't treat it as a a lease like okay TCS etc etc please give your best and apply right there or give your best in the interview for that I will highly recommend you to have mog interview because courses are totally different things mog interview is the only one thing which depends upon your knowledge and what you will going to do in your exact interview I'm not telling that you should come to wwrycoding and have a mock interview if you have good friends but I believe that for friends as well we are not that serious because we know that particular person but in mog interview you will sit with a guy who is already cracked this kind of companies and more companies not only this they are working in a big product based companies they are working in service based companies and tons of things okay so yes mo will interview will help you out and if you want to consider and you if you are totally serious like yes you have prepared or you are prepared 50% and you need to check yourself ww.trying.in and scroll have it. have it. Nothing will be lost because less than a paneer butter masala or anything what you like it will cost you high according to this price and when you spend when you spend it will be more than 90 minutes more than 90 unless you're not satisfied we will be there in the sessions I will help you out at every point of time okay full guidance lie so that after the session you feel that okay I'm not lost I know what to study now and I will nail it. Okay, if you are confident as well, if a mentor said that yes, you going to crack it, you will crack it. Otherwise, if they said no, there are very less chances. So, you need to work on it. Okay, so yes, that is the thing from my side. So, let's begin to the next company. I'm not discussing about the profiles for now. Profiles for now because profiles I hope you know about digital role, prime role and ninja role. Okay. And salaries also that is very famous role for most of the companies. Okay. So let me talk about let me talk about the dangerous company now which is info danger danger let me write it in this okay why danger stay tuned with the video I will tell you so major announcement that SP roles is coming up okay uh in June and or July you will get I believe because last time at this particular timeline inos launched a hiring for SP roles and people do get hired from this particular chance. Okay. So please don't miss this opportunity. It is a fantastic one. I will try my best to put into I button about the video how you can crack SP role or you can search enforces SP role time coding. You will get tons of videos and you can watch right there. Okay. But people say uh sir or baya they ask tons of hard questions. I need some lenient opportunity. So yes system engineer now sounds good doesn't it? Now this will come around August September or will be around October okay tons of hay and I'm talking about off campus off campus and sometime they also allow uh the people who are current grad as well but think like 2025 will be going to happen because recently for 2024 they open their hotel for system engineers as well okay so august September you can go through it and ride your best but the worst that is danger part okay danger is system engineer role itself why danger because I uploaded three layoff video you can just go on on my channel click on videos you will find three layoff videos of infos itself in just five or I can say four to five months they have fired uh more than 800 peoples and most of the peoples are from system engineers, operationals and few from specialist engineer roles or data specialist I believe. Okay. So yes, please try to make note of it because when you get shortlisted here, you will be going on Masur campus and there will be tons of internal assessments and tons of training that you need to pass. When you pass it, you will be called yourself as a full-time engineer otherwise the knife is right in front of your neck. Okay? You need to prove yourself in the company. You need to hard work. You need to do hard work. You need to go through all the resources which they are sharing and you need to prove yourself at every instance. Okay. So danger is just a word. Don't be scared of about it. This find this as an interesting because you will push your limits when you join in bosses. Okay. So now let's talk about let's talk about cap geminy or gemini or tens of things. Okay. So cap Germany off campus date is around April to August. Now I'm not sure about the role roll are technical itself but I can't name those roles perfect for perfectly. Okay, because sometime they open the role on supererset platform, supererset hiring we usually say. Okay, another is network engineering they hire for and another is they hire for software engineerings. Okay, so or engineer. So these are the three profiles that capture many do hire people. So you can uh definitely mark your calendar around this and start preparing because right now May is ongoing. So you have June then you have July. So very few months like 90 days more than 90 days you have give your best and be best okay because you need to be best in the basic itself. Oops inheritance etc. your rum your projects your technical stack anything. If you have doubts let me know in the comment section. I will try my best to respond all of you. Okay. So, um let's speak about another company which is which is the legend Cognizant. Okay. They are hiring tons of people, tons of people, tons of people right in this particular year at this particular time they are hired 2024 batch few people. If you are from 84 batch do let us know that whether your result came or not or when you appear in the interview. Okay. And they're currently hiring for 2025 batch as off campus too. And for 26 they will be starting hiring from uh again same August September. Got it? So yes, 224 is already up, 225 is ongoing and 26 August are September are the time and I believe that Cisan will do hire again in 2026 at this particular time. Same what what I can say May or I I I can tell that March May okay March to May will be the best time that constant will again hire for 25 batch. So you have good amount of time if you are wondering that yes I should give try to any exams you can go for it okay so these kind of things I just want to tell you and yes the salaries are also pretty good 4 LPA to 6.7 LPA will be the chance to earn so that is not a small amount okay so I hope that you got tons of uh thinking that yes you are not losing time you have time you just need to uh motivate yourself for motivation as Well, I have my profile on top mate because I spoke with tons of people. I thought no one will join here. But believe me, there are good amount of people who are joining here and they tons of doubts that they have. They sometime very private, sometime they are very depressed, sometime they they know what to do but they're not able to go. Don't hesitate to come here because you can come from the link which is there in my description or you can find me on the internet. It will cost you just 150 rupees and I will be sitting with you for an hour and we'll speak about what is actually happening so that um you c you can come again on the track. Okay. Although I have tons of resources available on the top platform too. The links are in a description or you can search Alita prime coding. Tons of people more than 75,000 people trusted our resources and they got plays as well. So please uh if you're new to this channel I'm looking for your support. We are very near core 50k subscribers. Please consider subscribing it and let's make our community bold and we'll meet you with a new video soon. Until then, whatever doubts you have, I'm welcoming you in my comment section. Okay? So, take care. All the very best. Let's meet you.

Top Comments:
Very helpful video sir
sir i gave my interview on 8th april 2025 of batch 2024 and still not received  any update
For Cognizant python cluster code, do we need to take User inputs and also write main function.

Anyone please reply.
Sir, for those people who applied to TCS NQT (2025 batch off-campus) in march but not received admit card, can we mail TCS and request for change in venue for test?
In March I was in my college but now I am going to my home in May in 1 week. 
By chance, if TCS resumes tests for remaining candidates (which I know are a lot), I would like to give near my home.

Please sir, if anything can be for this, please let us know, I am sure there's lot of people like me.
Wipro?
Bro make video for 2026 batch please
Sir haven't received Cognizant Interview mail so far! 25th we wrote technical assessment , should i still prepare for Interview having hopes  or move on for the other ones (since having final exams in a month)
What is the Process to apply for Mock Interview Cognizant

Please reply
Sir TCS  and Cognizant ka result kab niklega?
First comment❤